doc: add documentation framework and basic docs (#239)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-rssi: doc/docs/index.md

# nRF Connect RSSI Viewer

> nRF Connect RSSI Viewer is a cross-platform tool that shows dBm per frequency in the 2.4 GHz range. It scans the 2400-2480 MHz range, records signal level on particular frequencies, and presents combined results in several ways.

Reviewer: “particular frequencies” and “combined results in several ways” seems a bit wishy-washy to me. How about:

```suggestion
nRF Connect RSSI Viewer is a cross-platform tool that shows dBm per frequency in the 2.4 GHz range. It scans the 2400-2480 MHz range, records signal level on the Bluetooth Low Energy channel frequencies, and presents the results.
```
